README.md, before:

# Master Chef

![Python 3.7+] [![License: MIT]](https://github.com/Unique-Divine/SA-Project/blob/main/LICENSE)


- Short and sweet examples and recipes for Python programming, data science, and machine learning. 
- A [package] to help with quickly setting up deep learning models in the [PyTorch Lightning][pl] paradigm. 


[Python 3.7+]: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7+-blue.svg
[License: MIT]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg 
[package]: https://github.com/Unique-Divine/Master-Chef/tree/master/master_chef
[pl]: https://www.pytorchlightning.ai/

The repo and package are called Master Chef because, originally,  the idea here was to learn almost entirely from working directly on projects  and save efficient reference materials and concise notes as [programming cookbooks](https://www.devdungeon.com/cookbook). And, [Master Chief][spartan117] is one of my childhood heroes. 

[spartan117]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_Chief_(Halo)

Update '2021-04-27': I've also started making a package of useful tools for quickly getting deep learning models running with as little engineering overhead as possible. This will be done by writing modules and benchmarking PyTorch neural network modules that are meant to integrate with various PyTorch Lightning modules in the same way that  [Lightning Bolts](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/lightning-bolts) work. I'll include almost every utility I end up using on various personal projects and research projects if it seems like it would be useful for other people. 

<!-- Add usage instructions. -->
<!-- Include a demo too.  -->


## [Notebooks](https://github.com/Unique-Divine/Master-Chef/tree/master/notebooks)

#### 1. Data Science Cookbook
- [ ] TODO: Add time series section OR plan out a time series cookbook project.
- [ ] TODO: Add object-oriented matplotlib API section
- Link: [pandas cookbook](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/cookbook.html)

#### 2. Anki Notebook 
This file acts as my [sandbox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandbox_(software_development)) for figuring out what things I want to remember in Anki and what things I want to become reference materials (recipes).

<!-- ### LeetCode Practice Problems
  - Interview questions and solutions from LeetCode in Anki card format -->

Commit message:

Update project description. Add view notebook option and open in Colab option.

README.md, after:

# Master Chef

![Python 3.7+] [![License: MIT]](https://github.com/Unique-Divine/SA-Project/blob/main/LICENSE)

Master Chef consists of two things:
1. A [package] to help with quickly setting up deep learning models in the [PyTorch Lightning][pl] paradigm. 
2. A [programming cookbook][devdungeon-cookbook] for Python, data science, and machine learning. 

[Python 3.7+]: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7+-blue.svg
[License: MIT]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg 
[package]: https://github.com/Unique-Divine/Master-Chef/tree/master/master_chef
[pl]: https://www.pytorchlightning.ai/

The idea behind Master Chef was simply to take concise but effectives notes in the form of recipes while learning from working on data science projects. I realized these notes made extremely efficient reference materials for friends and decided to make a repo out of them.

[spartan117]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_Chief_(Halo)
[devdungeon-cookbook]: https://www.devdungeon.com/cookbook

Update '2021-04-27': I've also started making a package of useful tools for quickly getting deep learning models running with as little engineering overhead as possible. This will be done by writing and benchmarking various PyTorch Lightning modules in a similar way to how [Lightning Bolts](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/lightning-bolts) work. I'll include any utility I end up using on various personal projects and research projects if it seems like it would be useful for other people. 

<!-- Add usage instructions. -->
<!-- Include a demo too.  -->


## Notebooks

#### 1. Python Cookbook
 [![View][nbviewer-badge] ][nbviewer-ds-cookbook]    [![Open In Colab][Colab-badge] ][Colab-ds-cookbook]

[Colab-badge]: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg 
[Colab-ds-cookbook]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/Unique-Divine/Master-Chef/blob/master/notebooks/Python%20Cookbook%20(Unique%20Divine).ipynb
[nbviewer-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter%20nbviewer-View%20notebook-brightgreen?&logo=Jupyter 
[nbviewer-ds-cookbook]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/Unique-Divine/Master-Chef/blob/master/notebooks/PythonCookbook.ipynb 

<!-- Add details on the contents here. -->


#### 2. Anki Notebook 
This file acts as my [sandbox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandbox_(software_development)) for figuring out which items should be studied in Anki and which ones should become reference materials (recipes).

<!-- ### LeetCode Practice Problems
  - Interview questions and solutions from LeetCode in Anki card format -->

Master Chef = [Master Chief][spartan117] + [Cookbook(s)][devdungeon-cookbook] 

#### TODO
- [ ] Move items over from Anki cookbook
- [ ] Add object-oriented matplotlib API section
